# Chef_Label
 A Project for full stack development to create an application using javascript

 Overview
 
This is an application in which the users being the hospitality industry can save time writing out labels for every piece of food prep by created a label for the prep (food preparation) that they will be making on a regular basis that will list the dish title and ingredients used. After the label has been created anytime the user wishes to print out the label all they do is find the premade label and print it off. The software will automatically take account of the date when the food was made and add a use by date by adding 3 days to the date the preparation was created. As well as the ingredients being displayed, and the date made and use by will be the id or name of the user who requested the print. Adding autonomous function to this task will save more time in the professional workplace and displaying ingredients used in the dish will allow for referencing against for when another user who didn’t make the prep needs to check for health reasons like allergies. The date created and use by will allow for the stock to be correctly maintained and monitored. The use of the users Id on labels will allow for accountability should anything occur like an illness or outbreak. This application is mainly aimed at the hospitality industry who are aimed at food preparation. Making health and safety protocol easier to follow means more of the industry are likely to stick to the practices as opposed to becoming complacent with the awkwardness of writing each label out for each packages prep and avoid procedure to save time. The aim is to create a simple layout that can be used on pc and touchscreen devices like tablets or phones. A carousel will be used on the index page to display each label so the detail on the page is kept simple and use of ejs (embedded javascript templates)(mde, 2022). The ejs will allow for labels views to be loaded onto the page one at a time without the need to refresh saving load time and means all the labels can be displayed no matter if more are added or deleted from the database.

Structure

This intended structure of the application is that the server will receive requests from the user and then either load different content from the routing folder or send and receive requests to the database. The server is setup to load the (“index.ejs”) file and makes a call to the database to request all the label entries to display on the index page. The index page contains a carousel to switch through all the different labels or create and new by creating one slide that contains the button to send the user to the (“new.ejs”) content page and uses EJS to create a slide that will duplicate every label in the database. Details for the label are also inserted using EJS (“<%= label.createdAt.toLocaleDateString() %>”) in- between the less than and greater than I can tell the server to get the specific row from my label table in the mongo database and display that data on the page for the client. This does require connection to the database which is online so means the user does have to be connected to the internet but does mean the data is accessible from anywhere. This is instead of just particular devices which proved beneficial in development. Buttons loaded with each label meant the user has the choice to read the label for more context or print and could delete or edit. The new page would present the user with a form that is fetched from another file so it can be loaded into either the edit or new page to save space and time. The form then requests the server to load the client onto the page with EJS and the user could fill in the inputs and click either the save button to update the entry or cancel and get send back to the
index. The save button will send a request which the server will look into the routes folder for the (“saveLabelAndRedirect”) function which builds an object and then awaits a save to the database. The edit label page is similar except for the fact the save will overwrite the entry with the same id. The show view will display the label entry on the page for the user after it has been gotten by the server and allows the user to see the label with more details than the index. The show page allows the user to make request to edit the entry or click the button to go back to all labels.
